well no because we
also have to talk about Clemente okay But on the other
hand Diego Arrabal has released
several videos these days in which he
lets slip
let slip that the reading could have been
wrong with this cover and that this
person that they can't prove that this
person is the gestational mother of
Anabrego's baby I've seen it I've seen it
today he uploaded another video that I made Luis
Pliego you have 72 hours left I don't know if
Diego has other information
man when he says when he says you have
72 hours left coincidentally we're going to
Wednesday which is Cover Day
I don't know what readings he'll have prepared
for this Wednesday because if it
's something strong I sense that Jorge El
Vocero The official television spokesperson for
readings will give us a warning on Tuesday no
if there's something like that going on let's
see
Diego will have Diego will have no Diego will
have his information let's see it's not the
first time something like this has happened it
would be shocking to me because they had the
wrong people Yes
because all the data they know where he lives they
know that he has two biological children they
know that he has a partner they know how big he is
the apartment is on top of
me  It would be surprising because they said they had
access, no, they hadn't said
that they had access to the
contract, to the contract, yes, you have access to
contracts. The strange thing is that they don't
put the readings, man, nor do they put anything, you know, they
put initials, well, they had
access to the contract and they
put initials, of course, it seems very
strange to me that it's Hey, it could be anything, it could
be, let's see what happens.
Maybe Diego is right, I don't know. I don't
know, but in other words,
he's playing, ehvp, I mean, here Diego is taking a chance because, as if she were the gestational mother, man, Diego here I imagine that he knows where those images came from, it's even very likely that he knows who took those photographs and that he has, in other words, in
this sense, Diego has it covered and
such, let's say that he's not going to jump into the
pool with something like that, you know, then, of
course, if that's the case, if
what Diego says is confirmed, the embarrassment that
the magazine has is double, I mean, on the
one hand, the huge error that
surprises me, no matter how much you say about
readings, explaining, it's still not
Luis Pliego, it's just a team of
professionals who contrast that  look, I
mean, it's been many years behind a
national headline, so it
leaves me a little bit to add a little bit of
humor, bald flowers, bald Carrillo, and
crazy that the person who
appeared on the cover. Let's mean,
well, imagine that it's another lady who
turns out to be coming out of
oncology, from something else, from something else, or
rather, you imagine, the one who can
get into a double mess here, or rather, you're attributing to her, or rather,
we're in
a situation right now where whoever it is is going to
look terrible. I mean, if reading total
total has screwed up and published this
cover and she's not the gestational mother of
Ana Obregón's baby, it
's tremendous, I doubt it. I mean, let's see, there's
one thing that puts me off,
knowing Ana Obregón, Ana Obregón
knows the gestational mother because she has
accompanied her, of course. During this process, I find it
hard to believe because she
's honest, that Ana would not have called
because Ana knows the information, she knows her
whole life's readings, or she would not have or
reading rectified something, something that
leads us to think, I love you, you know what you  I mean it seems
strange to me or that
Ana hadn't done it publicly or that
a colleague hadn't told it or
that it hadn't happened it's all very strange but
come on I also tell you Diego is not
going to jump into the pool with something like that I don't
know what he said exactly or I mean
what you just told me you I mean I do
n't know what his
exact words were or his information he has
been asking readings for
three four days
Luis Pliego can you prove that this
is the gestational mother then of course let's
see well people are putting me in the
chat No but Diego hasn't confirmed anything
either let's see if you have been telling him for four
or five days
two hours he will still be there for three
more days Diego saying the same thing No if you
have been telling him for even a day or two days
can you prove that this is
the mother surely she is in the mother
surely she is but look Maica says
now she can't speak because she has
signed a confidentiality agreement
for the gestation that it is clear that
you have a contract in which you cannot
speak but in the case that a
national media comes and they put out your they put out their
front page saying  so-and-so This is the
good one This is no That's how the
surrogate mother of blah blah blah there Ana can
say No publicly but say yes
no if she knows man Ana has seen
the cover of lecturas obviously Ana will
know If that's not yes it's good but if not
You think that Ana is not going to call
Luis Pliego or someone from lecturas who has
known them all her life God was going to
say Hey guys you've slipped I mean I
think that in the case that I
had slipped knowing how
lecturas works and any media they
would have removed that material from the web Be
careful it works like that yes a thousand
times that I look I once made a mistake but
me and not everyone at this level okay but
once I confused I don't know who I confused
with someone they gave me a tap on the head of Hey it's
not such and such And I deleted the news I mean
but the news is still there on the web not
from lectura if I'm not mistaken someone has
noticed because that
but listen to me no no because it's already there
but
if this is like this then it's not worth it to me on the
part of Diego arrabal Ah I don't  affirm
I asked no no let's see are you
implying with your question what it
is if now it turns out that it is the surrogate mother
has Diego screwed up but come on tremendous of
course not in this case Yes of course of course in
that case Yes then the double
that he makes of no is not valid to me but I have only
asked no but no no let's see if
you have been here for a day two days or three however many you have
been but Luis Pliego answers he has
72 hours you can because
nobody signed the article Who took the photos I don't
know what Yes well this girl signs it
no what happens is that the photos are the
same agencies that sometimes
sign them the agencies let's see gosh Diego
knows the agencies work for the
magazines and sell topics to the magazines
he works in one or worked I don't know
his situation right now So yes it
is true that many times they are signed
as an agent has done some topic that I have
sold I affirmed it as the agency of
the photos many times So it doesn't
seem so strange to me I know that Diego
surely knows how those
photos were taken even who surely knows him
and everything So it's that I  it costs I think he
says he gives him 72 hours he
gave them to him today it doesn't coincide with Wednesday
which is when the magazine comes out we'll
see what their cover says and we can't
forget the Gloria Camila issue, he did
n't ask her to retract
we'll see what happens this mine or rather
this Wednesday I'm
not going to tell you directly
[Music]
Of course if it's not delayed according to me they're going to
force him directly if he doesn't retract
reading regarding the Gloria
Camila issue and give the complete information and
how it was the reasons and so on Gloria
Camila Unless he stops it which I don't think
is Gloria Camila's intention now they would
take them to court it's a
quick trial in a matter of a month two months a
month and a half more or less and the judge decides
whether to force him to publish the
rectification or not which will be worse
because we will have headlines in a
couple of months or three that will put readings
condemned to rectify by Lore Camila I'll
tell you one thing headlines the same on
YouTube But I'll tell you one thing because
this is how it normally works for us
in the media normally for ethics and
morals whether it's readings or Pepe and I
think  that people are going to understand
Normally we are told or I have been
taught this way and besides it comes from me like this
normally we do not usually attack
colleagues in headlines I mean if for
example I have received a thousand
lawsuits I remember also
against a written media in particular that I do not
know who won a lawsuit portal
no it did not publish it now well If it is for
example something from Sálvame because it is more of a
television show and more more Cayetano
Martínez de luxury that publishes
exclusively I remember but if it is a
written colleague if I have
exclusive information Gloria Camila is that
above me they tell me They are
colleagues I mean you like maybe
they would do it with us you know
but it is left as as unethical But
well it is a topic that we would talk about
Of course because because
[Music]